README.md, before:

# **Object-Oriented Programming : Exercises**

## **Table of Contents**

1. [Key](#key)
2. [Lessons](#lessons)
3. [Asignments](#asignments)

---

## **Key**

|📖|Lessons|
|--|-------|
|📕|Unread|
|📗|Read|

|⚪|Asignment|
|--|---------|
|🔴|Undone|
|🟠|In progress|
|🟡|First Version|
|🟢|Done|

---

## **Lessons**

### Level 0

- 📗 Introduction

### Level 1

- 📗 Install a compiler
- 📗 Use an IDE
- 📗 Use Git
- 📗 Use a debugger
- 📗 Use a formatting tool
- 📗 Use static analysers
- 📗 Naming
- 📗 Stack vs Heap
- 📗 Consistency in style

### Level 2

- 📗 Make it work, then make it good
- 📗 Prefer free functions
- 📗 Design cohesive classes
- 📗 Use structs to group data
- 📗 Write small functions
- 📗 DRY: Don't repeat yourself
- 📗 Enums
- 📗 Split problems in small pieces
- 📕 Composition over Inheritance

---

## **Asignments**

- 🟢 Introduction
- 🟢 Setting up a project
- 🟡 Guess the number
    - Improvement to do : anticipate player's errors (put anything that is not an integer)
- 🟠 Hangman
- 🟡 Adding a menu
- 🔴 Noughts and Crosses
- 🔴 Connect 4
- 🔴 Adding tests
- 🔴 An AI for Hangman
- 🔴 Going further

Commit message:

[hangman] Update first version
The first version of the code works ! But only if there is no duplicated letter in the word

README.md, after:

# **Object-Oriented Programming : Exercises**

## **Table of Contents**

1. [Key](#key)
2. [Lessons](#lessons)
3. [Asignments](#asignments)

---

## **Key**

|📖|Lessons|
|--|-------|
|📕|Unread|
|📗|Read|

|⚪|Asignment|
|--|---------|
|🔴|Undone|
|🟠|In progress|
|🟡|First Version|
|🟢|Done|

---

## **Lessons**

### Level 0

- 📗 Introduction

### Level 1

- 📗 Install a compiler
- 📗 Use an IDE
- 📗 Use Git
- 📗 Use a debugger
- 📗 Use a formatting tool
- 📗 Use static analysers
- 📗 Naming
- 📗 Stack vs Heap
- 📗 Consistency in style

### Level 2

- 📗 Make it work, then make it good
- 📗 Prefer free functions
- 📗 Design cohesive classes
- 📗 Use structs to group data
- 📗 Write small functions
- 📗 DRY: Don't repeat yourself
- 📗 Enums
- 📗 Split problems in small pieces
- 📕 Composition over Inheritance

---

## **Asignments**

- 🟢 Introduction
- 🟢 Setting up a project
- 🟡 Guess the number
    - Improvement to do : anticipate player's errors (put anything that is not an integer)
- 🟡 Hangman
    - Warning : it works only if there are no duplicated letter in the word !
- 🟡 Adding a menu
- 🔴 Noughts and Crosses
- 🔴 Connect 4
- 🔴 Adding tests
- 🔴 An AI for Hangman
- 🔴 Going further
